Q3 Planning Meeting - January 22, 2024
Attendees: Sarah Chen (PM), Mike Johnson (Engineering Lead), Lisa Park (Designer), Alex Rivera (Data Scientist), Jennifer Wu (Marketing Lead), David Kim (Backend Engineer)

[00:00] Sarah Chen: Welcome everyone to our Q3 planning session. We have a packed agenda today - we'll be reviewing Q2 outcomes, planning Q3 initiatives, and discussing resource allocation.

[00:45] Jennifer Wu: Before we dive in, I want to share some market data. Our competitors launched similar features last month, and we're seeing increased churn. We need to accelerate our roadmap.

[01:30] Sarah Chen: Thanks Jennifer. That's actually a good segue into our first topic. Let's review what we accomplished in Q2 and what carried over.

[02:00] Mike Johnson: From engineering, we shipped the new notification system, completed the mobile app redesign, and started the Redis migration. The Redis work is still in progress - I expect it to be done by end of this week based on our last sync.

[02:45] Lisa Park: Design completed the dashboard wireframes, established our new design system, and created the component library. We're ready to support multiple teams now.

[03:15] Alex Rivera: On the data side, we launched our recommendation engine which improved engagement by 23%. We also set up our new analytics pipeline for real-time insights.

[03:45] Sarah Chen: Great progress all around. Now for Q3 planning. I've identified three major initiatives: Enterprise Features, Mobile 2.0, and AI Integration. Let's discuss each.

[04:30] Mike Johnson: For Enterprise Features, we're looking at SSO integration, advanced permissions, and audit logging. I estimate this is 8-10 weeks of work for two engineers.

[05:00] Jennifer Wu: SSO is critical. I have three enterprise deals waiting on this feature. Each deal is worth over $500K annually. We absolutely need this in Q3.

[05:30] Sarah Chen: Understood. Decision: SSO integration is our top priority for Q3. Mike, who's going to lead this?

[05:45] Mike Johnson: I was thinking David could lead SSO since he has experience with SAML and OAuth. I can provide technical guidance.

[06:00] David Kim: I can take the lead on SSO. I'll need to research which identity providers to prioritize. Action item for me: provide SSO technical assessment by next Monday.

[06:30] Alex Rivera: For AI Integration, I'm proposing we add smart meeting summaries using LLMs. We can leverage the transcript data we're already collecting. I estimate 6 weeks with two people.

[07:00] Sarah Chen: That's interesting, Alex. How does this relate to our current analytics work?

[07:30] Alex Rivera: It actually builds on it. We'd use our analytics pipeline for processing and add an LLM layer for summarization. I commit to having a proof-of-concept ready by February 15th.

[08:00] Lisa Park: From a UX perspective, smart summaries would be a huge value addition. I can design the interface for viewing and editing AI-generated summaries.

[08:30] Sarah Chen: I like this direction. Decision: We'll proceed with AI meeting summaries as a Q3 initiative. Alex leads technical, Lisa handles design.

[09:00] Mike Johnson: Wait - I have a concern. Adding LLM processing will significantly increase our infrastructure costs. Have we budgeted for this?

[09:30] Sarah Chen: Good point. Jennifer, do we have budget flexibility?

[09:45] Jennifer Wu: We have some R&D budget we haven't allocated. I can justify it if we can show ROI within two quarters. Alex, can you provide cost projections?

[10:00] Alex Rivera: Sure. Action item: I'll prepare an ROI analysis and cost projection for the AI features by next Wednesday.

[10:30] Mike Johnson: Also, I want to flag a potential conflict here. Last week we decided to prioritize real-time updates using WebSockets. Adding LLM processing on top of that might overload our servers.

[11:00] Alex Rivera: Actually, I disagree. The LLM processing would be asynchronous - it doesn't need to be real-time. Summaries can be generated after meetings end.

[11:30] Sarah Chen: Let's not decide this now. Mike and Alex, can you two meet separately to work out the technical architecture? I want a joint recommendation by Friday.

[12:00] Mike Johnson: Fair enough. I'll commit to meeting with Alex this week and we'll figure out a solution that works for both.

[12:30] Lisa Park: For Mobile 2.0, I've been working on a complete redesign of the mobile experience. The current app is functional but feels dated. User testing shows a 40% drop-off at the onboarding stage.

[13:00] Jennifer Wu: That aligns with our marketing data. Mobile is where our growth is, but we're losing users before they get value from the product.

[13:30] Lisa Park: My proposal is a ground-up redesign with gamified onboarding, improved navigation, and offline support. Design timeline is 4 weeks.

[14:00] Mike Johnson: Offline support is technically complex. We'd need to implement local storage and sync mechanisms. That's easily 6 weeks of engineering work.

[14:30] Sarah Chen: Let's phase this. Decision: Phase 1 is redesign and gamified onboarding (target: end of February). Phase 2 is offline support (target: end of March).

[15:00] David Kim: I can contribute to the offline sync work once SSO is done. That should line up timing-wise.

[15:30] Sarah Chen: Perfect. Now let's talk resources. Mike, what's our engineering capacity?

[16:00] Mike Johnson: We have five engineers including myself. David will be on SSO. I need one person to continue Redis and WebSocket work. That leaves three for AI and Mobile.

[16:30] Alex Rivera: I can temporarily join the engineering team for the AI work. I've been doing more coding lately and I know the analytics codebase well.

[17:00] Sarah Chen: That helps. Here's my proposed allocation:
- David: SSO (full-time)
- Mike: Redis/WebSocket completion, then technical oversight
- Alex + 1 engineer: AI features
- 2 engineers: Mobile 2.0

[17:45] Mike Johnson: That works, but I want to flag that we're stretched thin. If anything slips, we won't have buffer.

[18:00] Jennifer Wu: Can we get contract help? I have budget for one senior contractor.

[18:15] Sarah Chen: Good idea. Action item for Mike: identify areas where a contractor could help and provide job requirements by next Friday.

[18:45] Lisa Park: I should mention - I'm going on vacation February 10-17. I need to hand off design work before then.

[19:00] Sarah Chen: Thanks for the heads up. Lisa, can you front-load the Mobile 2.0 designs and have them ready before your vacation?

[19:15] Lisa Park: I commit to completing all Phase 1 mobile designs by February 7th.

[19:45] Alex Rivera: Quick question on timeline - when do we need the AI proof-of-concept for the investor demo?

[20:00] Jennifer Wu: The investor meeting is February 20th. We need something impressive to show.

[20:15] Alex Rivera: That's tight. I originally said February 15th for the POC. I'll need to push hard, but I commit to having a demo-ready version by February 18th.

[20:45] Sarah Chen: Great. David, any concerns about the SSO timeline?

[21:00] David Kim: My only concern is if we hit issues with specific identity providers. Okta and Azure AD should be straightforward, but some enterprise clients use custom IdP solutions.

[21:30] Sarah Chen: Let's scope SSO Phase 1 to Okta and Azure AD only. Decision: Custom IdP support moves to Q4.

[22:00] Mike Johnson: Actually, that contradicts what Jennifer said about the deals waiting on SSO. One of those clients uses a custom IdP.

[22:30] Jennifer Wu: Mike's right. TechCorp uses a proprietary identity system. We promised them compatibility by Q3.

[23:00] Sarah Chen: This is a conflict with our earlier prioritization decision. We either delay the deal or add scope. Thoughts?

[23:30] David Kim: I can do a quick assessment of TechCorp's IdP. If it's SAML-compliant, we might be able to support it without too much extra work.

[23:45] Sarah Chen: Good compromise. David, add TechCorp IdP assessment to your investigation. Action item due: next Monday along with SSO assessment.

[24:15] Sarah Chen: Let me summarize what we've decided:

DECISIONS:
1. SSO integration is top priority for Q3
2. AI meeting summaries greenlit as Q3 initiative
3. Mobile 2.0 phased: redesign first, offline support second
4. Custom IdP support moved to Q4 (except TechCorp assessment)
5. David leads SSO, Alex leads AI, Lisa leads mobile design
6. Team allocation set as discussed

ACTION ITEMS:
1. David: SSO technical assessment including TechCorp IdP - Due: Monday
2. Alex: AI features ROI analysis and cost projection - Due: Wednesday
3. Alex: AI proof-of-concept - Due: February 15
4. Alex: Demo-ready AI version - Due: February 18
5. Mike: Contractor requirements - Due: Friday  
6. Mike: Meet with Alex on architecture - Due: This week
7. Lisa: Complete Phase 1 mobile designs - Due: February 7
8. Lisa: Hand off designs before vacation - Due: February 10

COMMITMENTS:
- Alex: POC by February 15, demo by February 18
- Lisa: All Phase 1 mobile designs by February 7
- Mike: Architecture recommendation with Alex by Friday
- David: SSO technical assessment by Monday

[26:00] Sarah Chen: That's a wrap! Q3 is going to be ambitious but achievable. Let's execute!
